README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: Update README.md with Commerci features and tech stack

README.md, after:

![Commerci](https://github.com/RSametSamyeli/commerci/blob/commerci/images/commerci1.png?raw=true){: width="500" height="300" }

## Commerci

Commerci is an AI-powered image generator that allows you to create beautiful images in seconds.

## Features

- **Image Restore**: You can restore the image to the original state.
- **Generative Fill**: You can fill the image with a generative pattern.
- **Object Remove**: You can remove objects from the image.
- **Object Re-Color**: You can change the color of objects in the image.
- **Background Remove**: You can remove the background from the image.

## Tech Stack

- **Next.js 14**: React framework for building web applications. Used app routing, data fetching, and image optimization.
- **Clerk**: User authentication and authorization.
- **Mongo-DB**: Database for storing user data.
- **Typescript**: Typed JavaScript.
- **Tailwind CSS**: Utility-first CSS framework.
- **Shadcn UI**: UI components library.

## Images

![Commerci](https://github.com/RSametSamyeli/commerci/blob/commerci/images/commerci2.png?raw=true){: width="500" height="300" }
![Commerci](https://github.com/RSametSamyeli/commerci/blob/commerci/images/commerci3.png?raw=true){: width="500" height="300" }
![Commerci](https://github.com/RSametSamyeli/commerci/blob/commerci/images/commerci4.png?raw=true){: width="500" height="300" }


First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
